July
What do you mean?
Me...
Are you suspicious of me, don t you like me?
I'm just jealous of being rushed by the committee.
A little worried.
That's good.
I wish there was something you had to tell me later.
Fortunately, I left an extra eye in the process of cutting messages under that phone.
If not really discovered by him.
If there's nothing, I'll go first.
Then you pay attention to rest.
Looks like I'm left with Dori.
Mr. Parrot, I'm sure you'll like this surprise I've prepared for you.
General Director Ha, we have just received the news.
The Giang Vinh Group's river crossing has landed and opened to traffic.
The design document for the new landmark project has also been completed.
They're moving so fast.
Yeah, I heard they're going to make a blockbuster movie at a business gala in the next few days.
Taking the opportunity to pull out some investments to scale up
How new is this?
It's really technology.
If their plan is successful.
Of course I know.
But don't panic.
Our project has just been completed.